Update metrics faq (#201)
netbirdio/docs: src/pages/about-netbird/faq.mdx

## Why and what are the anonymous usage metrics?

### Why did we add metrics collection?

> As an open-source project and business, making decisions based on data is essential. We will know our adoption rate, feature usage, and client OS type with anonymous metrics. We ask our community users to keep them enabled, as it might help us understand bug impact and measure quality over time. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an open-source project and business, making data-driven decisions is essential. By collecting anonymous metrics, we can understand our adoption rate, feature usage, and the types of client operating systems in use. We kindly ask our community users to keep metrics enabled, as this helps us assess the impact of bugs and measure the quality of our software over time.
```
